INTMDB-224: [Terraform] Support AtlasGov with Terraform (#865)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/project.html.markdown

* `is_performance_advisor_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether to enable Performance Advisor and Profiler for the project. If enabled, you can analyze database logs to recommend performance improvements.
* `is_realtime_performance_panel_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether to enable Real Time Performance Panel for the project. If enabled, you can see real time metrics from your MongoDB database.
* `is_schema_advisor_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether to enable Schema Advisor for the project. If enabled, you receive customized recommendations to optimize your data model and enhance performance. Disable this setting to disable schema suggestions in the [Performance Advisor](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/performance-advisor/#std-label-performance-advisor) and the [Data Explorer](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-ui/#std-label-atlas-ui).

> * `is_mongodbgov_cloud` - (Optional) Enable Government Cloud API [Government Cloud](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/api/#creating-a-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `is_mongodbgov_cloud` - (Optional) Enable the provider for use with [MongoDB Atlas for Government](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/).
```

> * `region_usage_restrictions` - (Optional) To create a project for government regions [Government Cloud](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/api/#creating-a-project).

Reviewer: Since this is set to a string they should pass in "GOV_REGIONS_ONLY", yes? - see https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/api/#creating-a-project?  If I'm correct we need to tell the user that.   for example: 
```suggestion
* `region_usage_restrictions` - (Optional - set value to GOV_REGIONS_ONLY) Designates that this project can be used for government regions only.  If not set the project will default to standard regions.   You cannot deploy clusters across government and standard regions in the same project. AWS is the only cloud provider for AtlasGov.  For more information see [MongoDB Atlas for Government](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/api/#creating-a-project).
```

Author: Updated
